# Replication-of-research-perfomred-on-data-from-Mexico-payment-for-ecosystem-services-program
This is a replication study of Only One Tree from Each Seed? Environmental Effectiveness and Poverty Alleviation in Mexico’s Payments for Ecosystem Services Program. We use data from Mexico’s Payment for Hydrological Services Program to confirm that payment for ecosystem services is an effective means at improving forest coverage and density. We found that once we used control variables for regional and yearly differences, the payment for ecosystems service program increased forest coverage by very significant margins. 
Copy from original: 

This is the readme file for the replication data from ìOnly One Tree from Each Seed? Environmental effectiveness and poverty alleviation in Mexicoís payments for ecosystem services programî, by Jennifer Alix-Garcia, Katharine Sims, and Patricia YaÒez-Pagans.  

There are 4 do files and six data files.  The do files Points-Matching-vfinal creates the matched dataset used in the environmental analysis, and the file env_impact_replicationJuly2014 generates tables 2, 4, 5, 9 and 11 in the paper.  The matched data used in estimation for these tables is contained in the file matchedpnts-maha-wreplace_final.dta.  The full data set is contained in the file allpnts-foronetree_final.dta. The sources of this data are described in detail in the paper.

The do files school_impact_replicationJuly2014.dta and soc_impact_replicationJuly2014 create the results for tables 3, 7, and 10, using the datasets onetree_data_eji021114v2.dta and onetree_dataedu_eji021114.dta for common property households and onetree_data_priv021114v2.dta and onetree_dataedu_priv021114.dta for private property households.  The sources of this data are also described in detail in the paper.  
